Alerting: Document Grafana 8 High Availability setup (#41503)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/set-up-for-high-availability.md

## Alerting

> ### Grafana 8 Alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Grafana 8 alerts**
```

> Grafana 8 Alerts provides a new highly-available model under the hood. It preserves some of the previous semantics by executing all alerts on every server. However, notifications are sent only once per alert. There is no support for load distribution between servers at this time.

Reviewer 2: > It preserves some of the previous semantics by executing all alerts on every server. However, notifications are sent only once per alert.

To me the phrasing of this sentence suggests that old alerting cannot deduplicate notifications as it was not one of the previous semantics. However, in the description of old alerting below deduplication of notifications is mentioned as a supported feature?

Author: You're right, I have replaced However with and in this case.

> With Grafana 8 Alerts, we've created a completely new highly available model under the hood. The model preserves some of the previous semantics by having all alerts executed on every server but having notifications sent only once per alert. There is no support for load distribution between servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana 8 Alerts provides a new highly-available model under the hood. It preserves some of the previous semantics by executing all alerts on every server. However, notifications are sent only once per alert. There is no support for load distribution between servers at this time.
```

For configuration, [follow the guide]({{ relref "../alerting/unified-alerting/high-availability.md" >}}).

> ### Legacy Grafana Alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Legacy Grafana alerts**
```
